Minor fixes for the scripts and documentation (#750)
wireapp/wire-server-deploy: offline/coturn.md

* Create a `values.yaml` file and fill it with configuration.
* Create a `secret.yaml` file for the Coturn secrets.
* Configure the Coturn labels to select on which machine(s) it will run.

> * Configure the SFT labels for Coturn and SFT deployment.

Reviewer: perhaps we should call these something other than SFT labels.

Reviewer: I think that's clearer.

``` 

> We must configure the port redirection in Nftables to allow traffic to reach Coturn.

Reviewer: coturn and sft?

Reviewer: I think that makes sense, as well.

First, we create some definitions in the beginning of the file for readability:

```

> define COTURNIP   = 192.168.122.23

Reviewer: either we should label this calling, or continue to have one option for SFT, and one for coturn.

Author: We don't need the SFTIP since we don't have any requirement to create the rules for SFT service

    iifname { $INF_WAN, virbr0 } tcp dport 443 fib daddr type local dnat to $KUBENODEIP:31773 comment "HTTPS ingress"
``` 

> This is the part that routes the UDP packets (media/calling traffic) to Coturn service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the part that routes the UDP packets (media/calling traffic) to the calling services:
```
